There’s a beautiful gift
that Jehovah provides
That can help us
grow strong like a tree.
It is God’s holy spirit
that he gives to us,
And its fruitage
is easy to see.
Love we give to our God and our neighbors.
Joy brightens our face and our mind.
Peace helps us to always get along.
Patience helps us endure in hard times.
Kindness draws other people to us.
Goodness moves us to help those in need.
Faith strengthens our trust in Jehovah.
Mildness keeps us calm in word and in deed.
And we all know that self-control is a must.
And there is so much more
that the spirit can do,
So let’s pray
for it every day.
Then this beautiful fruitage
will show in our lives,
And Jehovah’s good friends
we will stay.
Love we give to our God and our neighbors.
Joy brightens our face and our mind.
Peace helps us to always get along.
Patience helps us endure in hard times.
Kindness draws other people to us.
Goodness moves us to help those in need.
Faith strengthens our trust in Jehovah.
Mildness keeps us calm in word and in deed.
And we all know that self-control is a must.